README.md, before:

# server-manager

A server managing app developed using Spring Boot and Angular.

## Spring Boot + Angular Tutorial

Follow this tutorial to understand how the application works: [Youtube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZPsZBcue50)

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- **Git**: You must have Git installed to clone the repository.
- **Docker**: Docker must be installed to run the application using Docker Compose.
- **Java**: Required if you want to run the Spring Boot application directly.
- **Node.js and Angular CLI**: Required if you want to run the Angular application directly.
- **PostgreSQL**: Required if you're not using Docker to manage the database.

If you don't have Docker installed, you'll need to follow additional steps to set up PostgreSQL and the Spring Boot application manually.

## Installation

Follow these steps to install the project:

1. Clone the Repository:
```shell 
git clone https://github.com/tiagospeckart/server-manager.git
```
2. Navigate to the Project Directory: `cd server-manager`
3. **Start the Application**: Run the application with PostgreSQL and Spring Boot using Docker:
```shell 
docker compose up
```

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

fix: gradle build and docker routines

README.md, after:

# server-manager

A server managing app developed using Spring Boot and Angular.

## Spring Boot + Angular Tutorial

Follow this tutorial to understand how the application works: [Youtube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZPsZBcue50)

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- **Git**: You must have Git installed to clone the repository.
- **Docker**: Docker must be installed to run the application using Docker Compose.
- **Java**: Required if you want to run the Spring Boot application directly.
- **Node.js and Angular CLI**: Required if you want to run the Angular application directly.
- **PostgreSQL**: Required if you're not using Docker to manage the database.

If you don't have Docker installed, you'll need to follow additional steps to set up PostgreSQL and the Spring Boot application manually.

## Installation

Follow these steps to install the project:

1. Clone the Repository: `git clone https://github.com/tiagospeckart/server-manager.git`
2. Navigate to the Project Directory: `cd server-manager`
3. `./gradlew build`
4. `docker build -t back-server-manager:latest .`
5. `docker-compose up`
6**Start the Application**: Run the application with PostgreSQL and Spring Boot using Docker:
```shell 
docker compose up
```

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)
